[Music]
Huy Campbell suffers mental trauma after
his girlfriend Robin is killed in a
high-velocity impact with celebrity
superhero a trained lawyers offer a
forty-five thousand dollar settlement
which Huey hesitates to accept aspiring
superhero Annie January auditions as
starlight and is accepted to join the
superhero group the seven following the
lamplighters retirement arriving at 7
headquarters she is greeted by the deep
who blackmails her into performing oral
sex on him vigilante Billy butcher
offers Hughie a chance to expose
superhero corruption taking him into a
secret Supes Club to show him security
footage of a train laughing about
Robin's death butcher asks Hughie to
take the settlement money and to plant a
bug at seventh hour but Hughie refuses
in Central Park
Annie meets Hughie and they motivate
each other to stand up for themselves
and face their challenges Hughie plants
the bug but translucent discovers it and
confronts Hughie alone at work butcher
arrives and helps Hughie incapacitate
translucent else we're home Lander downs
the Mayor of Baltimore's plane because
of his attempts to blackmail the Vout
corporation and its vice president
Madeline Stillwell butcher and Hughie
take translucent to Frenchy who makes a
meta bullet to pierce the heroes
diamond-hard skin but it fails to kill
him
butcher turns to see a a department
director susan reynor for the Mallory
files but she refuses
Madeline Stillwell tells homeland er
about the evidence deep found
incriminating him for the plane crash so
she handles it while he talks to deep
Starlite teams up with the deep she
promises to kill him if he ever tries to
sexually assault her again Stilwell
blackmails Oklahoma senator Calhoun into
allowing a vote that could enable Vout
to contract superheroes to the military
Annie stops a rape unaware she is being
recorded
her agent Ashleigh rages at her because
of the negative exposure and legal
implications
while home lander searches for
translucent Frenchie decides to place
c-4 explosives in translucence : who
then fearfully reveals a train was with
his girl
and pop claw before he killed Robin the
boys larren home Lander is nearby and
cannot risk killing translucent Frenchie
and butcher cause an explosive
distraction translucent escapes and
convinces Hughie to let him go but
Hughie changes his mind and detonates
the explosives killing translucent has
Frenchie and butcher clean up
translucent remains Hughie leaves his
home after finally telling his father
how he truly feels starlight gains
positive publicity for stopping the rape
only to learn Stilwell has given her a
revealing costume she declines but
Stillwell forces her to wear it or lose
her job butcher brings in his former
friend Mother's Milk to run surveillance
on pop cloth Hughie installed spyware on
her computer and they learned that a
train takes a performance-enhancing
substance known as compound V butcher
wants to expose them before supers can
be allowed into the Armed Forces but he
needs a vial of compound V from a
train's upcoming race with shockwave
before hand Hughie meets Annie as
starlight inviting her to lunch
the to open up to each other leading to
their exchanging of numbers a train uses
a vial to win the race and breaks his
promise to pop cloth announcing he is
single with mother's milk
deducing pop cloth swiped some vials
they find her heartbroken high and in
the midst of killing her landlord during
hyper-charged sex butcher uses this
opportunity to blackmail pop clock as an
informant ad Vout headquarters Hollander
reveals translucence remains - still
well along with butchers message coming
for you
following pop Claus tip the boys find a
triad hideout housing an imprisoned
Japanese woman known as the female whom
Frenchie frees after she kills her
guards and runs off mother's milk finds
evidence the female was a test subject
when Hughie meets starlight while
bowling butcher has him bug her phone
with the compound V supply compromised a
train has pop clock go into hiding while
he searches for the female Stilwell
sends home Lander and Queen Maeve to
save a hijacked airliner flight 37 but
home Lander casually abandons the plane
when the plan fails forcing Maeve to
choose her survival over that of the
passengers Frenchie finds evidence
leading
to Penn Station and makes a momentary
connection with the female but loses her
in the crowd they corner her on the
tracks but a train arrives and tries to
kill her friend she attracts a crowd to
distract a train allowing the female to
escape the boys corner her again and
Frenchy tries talking to her she attacks
them so butcher uses knockout gas
Stilwell is pleased to see homeland are
used the tragedy to push for militarized
supers rousing the crowd with a
heartfelt speech while Maeve grieves for
those she allowed to die at the believed
Expo starlight talks with some teens
while being quietly directed to push the
vow to Genda while butcher has Huey meet
Ezekiel the Expo host and their next
lead Maeve feels guilty for letting
flight 37 crash and visits her former
romantic partner Elena but leaves before
explaining herself fully butcher takes
time to talk with Rachel his
sister-in-law over her putting up a
tombstone for butcher's wife Becca who
has been missing for eight years a train
kills pop cloth for betraying him and
finds surveillance footage of Frenchie
after home lander exits a meeting with
Ezekiel Huey extorts Ezekiel for
information about compound V home Lander
rallies the crowd with an impromptu
hardline speech starlight breaks script
to speak candidly about her sexual
assault and the compromises she made for
her corporate employer Huey later
comforts her and sympathizes with her
plight by telling her about Robyn's
death butcher and mother's milk discover
that Vout is using compound V on infants
in order to manufacture supers Frenchy
discovers black noir is looking for him
attempting to escape he is told to leave
the female behind but releases her out
of sympathy she seemingly dies
protecting him from black noir but then
awakens and her wounds immediately heal
now informed the boys know Vout has used
super charities to smuggle compound V
disguised as vaccines and make super
babies since 1971 annie learns that
Ashley was fired and Stillwell demands
she comply with her designed image an
irrefutable assault would hurt Vout
still well aware it was deep that
sexually harassed Annie has him
apologized publicly
and transfers him to Sandusky Ohio for a
sabbatical butcher brings Huey to a
collateral damage survivors support
group believes after yelling at them for
doing nothing to get justice while alone
butcher explains to Huey the homeland er
raped his wife who went missing shortly
afterward Frenchie and mother's milk get
help from Mesmer a telepath to see into
the female's mind learning her name is
Kimiko and that she was kidnapped by the
shining light Liberation Army terrorist
group they also learned that Vout is
making compound V boosted terrorists to
push their agenda to militarized supers
butcher tells reynor but when she
refuses to target home Lander he calls
off the deal meanwhile Mesmer gives home
Lander surveillance photos of the boys
Huey and Annie share a kiss but butcher
finds out warning him not to fraternize
with the enemy and threatens to tell her
about translucent Huey and Annie booked
a hotel room where they have sex and he
agrees to introduce her to his father
deep finds his transfer to Sandusky Ohio
doll he brings a fan to his apartment
but she sexually assaults him by his
gills home Lander holds a meeting to
discuss Huey killing translucent
extorting Ezekiel and a train killing
Robin he angrily accuses starlight of
co-conspiracy
but Maeve defends her when a train calls
Huey
claiming he is holding his dad hostage
the boys realized Mesmer betrayed them
an enraged butcher later murders Mesmer
Huey obtained some compound V to
distract a train and allow Kimiko to
[ __ ] him homeland her asks about
scientist dr. Vogel bomb about Becca
butcher who informs him she was pregnant
with his child but both died and Vout
covered it up questioning the
revelations timing Vogel Baum expresses
regret raising him in a lab calling home
Lander his greatest failure butcher asks
Reynard to protect Huey's and mothers
milks families in exchange for evidence
as rain or charges Stillwell and about
she learns of the superhuman terrorists
in Akiva Annie confronts Huey who
explains votes use of compound b-before
butcher arrives to exfiltrate him and
shoots her the Pentagon classifies
compound V as a controlled substance and
lists the boys as fugitives while Annie
confronts her
other Vout denies deeps returned to the
seven causing him to suffer an emotional
breakdown an injured a trained angry at
being racially profiled while out of
costume rebounds to compound V butcher
takes Huy to Mallory who refuses
participation but informed them about
Stilwell and warns Huy about butcher's
craving for vengeance Healy leaves to
ask for Annie's help but she refuses out
of distrust Maeve opens up and asks
starlight to be herself again home
Lander privately confesses to Stilwell
that he secretly made the super
terrorists and they have sex at a secret
base Huy helps Frenchie and mother's
milk free Kimiko starlight rescues them
and when a train arrives she and Huy
fight him until the speedster suffers a
heart attack
Jiri applies CPR but starlight takes
over so he can escape butcher takes
Stillwell hostage and fits her with
explosives to bait home lander after
revealing he tortured Vogel bomb for the
truth about Becca home Lander kills
Stillwell himself homeland er saves
butcher from his suicidal explosion and
shows him where Becca has been secretly
raising homeland her son stunning both
butcher and Becca